Types of data producers for Knapsack.
This is what we know so far about Knapsack.
So who are all of the Knapsack data producers.
The data producers of Knapsack are: Website;
Knapsack.com, mobile app; Knapsack,
our SaaS solutions; Simply Accounting, Just Sale,
connected backpacks, storage devices,
relational DB, Data Lake.
Where is entity data coming from?
Our entity data producers will be the website and app.
All the transactions occurring on app and website will generate entity data.
Customers registering and creating account,
customer buying backpacks, all this with create entity data. Our SaaS.
Simply Accounting will have tables around all of the monthly financial transactions of
Knapsack and Just Sale will have
data around marketing channels and associated campaigns running on them.
This all will be entity data as well, stored in tables.
Finally, our relational DB,
that we use to store data around transactions,
what was bought? By whom?
When? How much?
This information will also be stored as entity data in tables.
Our website and app will also generate event data.
Users searching backpack, clicking through product pictures,
navigating through various sections of pages,
all these will generate event data.
Our smart backpacks are connected devices, or IoT devices.
They will generate event data when our anti-theft device is triggered,
or while location tracking,
or when emergency 911 is pressed.
There're transactions happening on Knapsack's platform,
to manage these OLTP capabilities will be needed.
We want all our financial transactions to be ACID-compliant.
OLTP capabilities are must-have for any e-commerce business,
all OLTP data will be stored in a relational DB.
There is no right answer to this question.
What is most likely to happen in the early phase of a startup,
they might not have OLAP capabilities
because it is not necessary for basic functioning of a business.
It is not a must-have,
but it is good to have for a business to understand and
analyze data to try to evaluate auto-fit.
So Knapsack is working towards this,
they do not have strong OLAP muscle as of now, but are building it.
Our Simply Accounting is a type of ERP,
it pulls in financial data and generates reports for its users,
and does automatic balance sheet entries.
Just Sale is our CRM that helps us keep track on how we are acquiring our customers,
which channels are most successful,
how our campaigns are doing.